The purpose of the Irma preliminary geospatial damage assessments and preliminary surge inundation data was to provide rapid situational awareness of the number of structures impacted by the Irma flood surges. Damage assessments were produced nearly real-time and the water surface is a by-product that was interpolated based on stream and tide gauge data and does not accurately represent storm water backup flooding and small tributary flooding with minimal or no gage data. Also, this does not represent wind impacts or account for elevated structures.  The geospatial damage assessment may not accurately represent the structure location. The inundation produced by the damage assessments is based on lower resolution elevation datasets. With the relatively flat area in the impacted areas, the elevation dataset is likely to show more extensive inundation than higher resolution elevation data because intervening high ground is not picked up. Additionally the damage assessments inundation surface is highly reliant on gauge data. Where gauge data is not present or sparsely present, the surface is inherently less accurate. 
 
There are uncertainties inherent in any loss and damage estimation, hurricane modeling (including storm surge modeling), ground elevation data, and methodologies and techniques. Therefore, there may be significant differences between the modeled results and the actual damages and losses following a specific storm event. These results can be improved by using enhanced inventory, geotechnical, and/or observed meteorological data.
 
User assumes all risk related to the use of this data.  FEMA provides this data "as is" and disclaims any and all warranties, whether express or implied, including (without limitation) any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and there are no express or implied guarantees of accuracy of the data.  In no event will FEMA or any other Federal Agency be liable to you or to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary damages or lost profit resulting from any use or misuse of this data.
